fix broken URL in Lessons learned from troubleshooting ROBOT (#240)
OBOAcademy/obook: docs/reference/troublehooting-robot.md

# Lessons learned from troubleshooting ROBOT

## Prerequisites

> - Review tutorial on [Ontology pipelines with ROBOT and SPARQL](https://oboacademy.github.io/obook/lesson/ontology-pipelines/)

Reviewer: ../lesson/ontology-pipelines.md

> - Review tutorial on [Ontology pipelines with ROBOT and SPARQL](https://oboacademy.github.io/obook/lesson/ontology-pipelines/)

Author: ```suggestion
- Review tutorial on [Ontology pipelines with ROBOT and SPARQL](../lesson/ontology-pipelines.md)
```
